TinyMCE 5.6 release documentation changes (#1792)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: advanced/events.md

| Load                   | N/A                                                                                                                     | (iframe mode only) Fired when the editor iframe content has finished loading.                                                                                              |
| ResolveName            | `{ name: string, target: Element }`                                                                                     | (iframe mode only) Fired when the editor tries to resolve the name of an element to render the status bar path.                                                            |
| BeforeOpenNotification | `{ notification: NotificationSpec }`                                                                                    | Fired before a notification is displayed. For information on the Notifications Specification (`NotificationSpec`), see: [Create custom notifications]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/creating-custom-notifications/). {{site.requires_5_6v}}                       |

> | OpenNotification       | `{ notification: NotificationSpec }`                                                                                    | Fired after a notification is displayed. For information on the Notifications Specification (`NotificationSpec`), see: [Create custom notifications]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/creating-custom-notifications/). {{site.requires_5_6v}}                        |

Reviewer: I just realized this is incorrect sorry. This gets passed the notification API, not the notification spec.

Reviewer: To clarify further, `BeforeOpenNotification` gets passes a `NotificationSpec`, whereas `OpenNotification` gets passed a `NotificationApi` instance.

Author: ```suggestion
| OpenNotification       | `{ notification: NotificationApi }`                                                                                    | Fired after a notification is displayed. For information on the Notifications API (`NotificationApi`), see: [Create custom notifications]({{site.baseurl}}/advanced/creating-custom-notifications/). {{site.requires_5_6v}}                        |
```
